[datetime2] feat: new package with timezone-aware components (#5322)
palantir/blueprint: packages/datetime-timezone-aware/src/components/timezone-picker/timezone-picker-v2.md

@# TimezonePickerV2

> `TimezonePickerV2` allows the user to select from a list of timezones. The list of times is coded into the library itself, and it does not depend on any external packages for updating the this list of timezones.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`TimezonePickerV2` allows the user to select from a list of timezones. The list is coded into the library itself, so it does not depend on any external packages for the list of timezones.
```

@reactExample TimezonePickerV2Example

@## Props

This component only supports controlled usage.
Control the selected timezone with the `value` prop.
Use the `onChange` prop to listen for changes to the selected timezone.

The `date` prop is used to determine the timezone offsets.
This is because a timezone usually has more than one offset from UTC due to daylight saving time.

By default, the component will show a clickable button target,
which will display the selected timezone formatted according to `valueDisplayFormat`.
The button can also be managed via `disabled`, `placeholder`, and more generally via `buttonProps`.
You can show a custom element instead of the default button by passing a single-element child; in this case,
all button-specific props will be ignored:

```tsx
<TimezonePicker value={...} onChange={...}>
    <Icon icon="globe" />
</TimezontPicker>
```

<div class="@ns-callout @ns-intent-warning @ns-icon-warning-sign">
    <h4 class="@ns-heading">Local timezone detection</h4>

We detect the local timezone when the `showLocalTimezone` prop is enabled and cannot guarantee correctness in all browsers.

> In supported browsers, the [i18n API](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/DateTimeFormat/resolvedOptions) is used.

Reviewer: we don't need to reference outdated browsers. the only one that doesn't support this part of the i18n API is IE11, and we are dropping support for that in Blueprint v5. Since this is a new package, we can mention that IE11 is not supported with this package. so this documentation can then just say:

```suggestion
We use the [browser `Intl` API](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/DateTimeFormat/resolvedOptions).
```

> In other browsers, `Date` methods and a population heuristic are used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: Done, also removed `jstz` as what was what was being used to guess
